Don't allow detachedConfigurations to extend (#30608)
gradle/gradle: platforms/documentation/docs/src/docs/userguide/releases/upgrading/upgrading_version_8.adoc

Potential migrations include using `Object.equals(Object)` directly, or comparing the fields of dependencies manually.

[[detached_configurations_cannot_extend]]

> ==== Detached Configurations Should Not Use ExtendFrom

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Detached Configurations should not use `extendFrom`
```

Seems like we don't capitalize other titles

> link:{javadocPath}/org/gradle/api/artifacts/ConfigurationContainer.html#detachedConfiguration(org.gradle.api.artifacts.Dependency...)[Detached configurations] should not ever extend other configurations using link:{javadocPath}/org/gradle/api/artifacts/Configuration.html#extendsFrom(org.gradle.api.artifacts.Configuration...)[extendsFrom].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
link:{javadocPath}/org/gradle/api/artifacts/ConfigurationContainer.html#detachedConfiguration(org.gradle.api.artifacts.Dependency...)[Detached configurations] should not extend other configurations using link:{javadocPath}/org/gradle/api/artifacts/Configuration.html#extendsFrom(org.gradle.api.artifacts.Configuration...)[extendsFrom].
```

> This behavior has been deprecated and will be removed in Gradle 9.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This behavior has been deprecated and will become an error in Gradle 9.0.
```
